 


B2P Connect: Development of a smart Platform Connecting Business With Experts and Promoters.


B2P Connect: Development of a smart Platform Connecting Business With Experts and Promoters.




By
Arun Timilsina
NP069824
NP3F2509IT

A report submitted in partial fulfillment of the requirements for the degree of 
B.Sc. IT (Hons) 
Asia Pacific University of Technology and Innovation.
Supervised by Shree Paudel
2nd Marker: Mr. Nishant Shrestha
2026
Acknowledgement
I am extremely grateful to Asia Pacific University of Technology and Innovation and its associated college Lord Buddha Education Foundation for providing me with such an encouraging learning environment and the opportunity to carry out this project as a part of my Bachelor of Information Technology course. The learning and innovative approaches followed by the university has been very instrumental in gaining my technical knowledge and enhancing my ability to tackle any technical problem which helped me in completing this research.
I am deeply thankful to my supervisor Mr. Shree Paudel for the continuous support, valuable suggestions and guidance throughout this project titled B2Connect Development of a Smart Platform Connecting Business with Experts and Promoters which had been a turning point and improved my work. I am also thankful to my second supervisor Mr. Nishant Shrestha for the constant support during the project.
I am thankful to my module leader Prof. R.N. Thakur for the academic guidance provided that strengthened this research and also thankful to all the faculty members for their teaching, support and guidance through out my course.
Finally I would like to dedicate this work to my family and friends for their tremendous support and motivation. Their encouragement was indeed a great support. 
 
 


 
Abstract
Digital marketing has grown rapidly and thus necessitates an efficient relationship between the business and the promoter for the target customers to be reached. On the other hand, Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) find it challenging to carry out unstructured marketing and locate trustworthy promoters. This research develops a Web-based system for business owners and the promoters/marketers known as Business to Promoters (B2P) Connect to integrate the two parties in a structured, trustful manner. This research utilizes a mixed methodology approach that comprises quantitative data derived from questionnaires as well as qualitative data from business owners and content creators via interviews in order to obtain the system requirements and usability requirements. From the findings, major challenges identified by the user are related to selection of suitable promoters, verification of promoters and campaign management. Also, high requirement is perceived for features like smart matching, compatibility ranking, structured process and an improved communication channel. Security of data, system usability, and system trust are also seen as key factors for adopting the system. Conclusion shows that the developed platform is a feasible and scalable solution that enhances the digital marketing process efficiency and effectiveness of the business-promoter relationship.
Keywords: Business to Promoters (B2P), Promoter Matching, Influencer, Digital marketing, Campaign Management
SDG 8: Decent Work and Economic Growth.

Table of Contents
Chapter 1:	INTRODUCTION	1
1.1	Introduction	1
1.2	Problem Background	2
1.3	Aim	4
1.4	Objectives	4
1.5	Scope	4
1.5.1	The project will include:	4
1.5.2	Constraints	5
1.6	Potential Benefit	5
1.6.1	Tangible Benefit	5
1.6.2	Intangible Benefit	5
1.7	Target User	5
1.8	Functionalities (Deliverables)	7
1.9	Overview of the IR	9
1.10	Alignment with SDG Goals	10
Chapter 2:	LITERATURE REVIEW	13
2.1.1	Digital Marketing Platforms and Business Promotion	13
2.1.2	Influencer Marketing and Promoter Engagement	13
2.1.3	Smart Matching Systems in Digital Platforms	14
2.1.4	Role-Based Systems and Platform Management	15
2.1.5	Review and Rating Systems in Online Platforms	15
2.2	Similar Systems/ Works	17
2.3.1	Tools Chosen	27
Chapter 3:	METHODOLOGY	29
3.1	System Development Methodology	29
3.1.1	Introduction	29
3.1.2	Methodology Choice and Justification	29
3.1.3	Activities and Process in Each Phase	30
3.2	Data Gathering Design	37
3.2.1	Data Gathering Techniques	46
3.2.2	Questions Based on the Techniques Chosen	48
3.3	Analysis	48
3.3.1	Analysis Towards the Data Retrieve from The Data Gathering Activities	49
3.3.2	Final List of User Requirement Summarized from The Analysis	50
3.3.3	Integrated Research Findings	65
3.4	System Architecture	67
Chapter 4:	CONCLUSION	69
4.1	Achievement From First Part of The Project	69
4.2.1	Achievement from the Project	69
4.2.2	Gaps In the Research	70
References	71
APPENDIX	73
Appendix A-PPF	73
Appendix B-PSF	81
Appendix C-Ethic Form	97
Appendix D-Meeting Log Sheet	102


List of Figure
Figure 1  TimeLine of the Project	12
Figure 2  Gantt-Chart	13
Figure 3  Aspire	18
Figure 4  Heepsy	19
Figure 5  Influencity	20
Figure 6  JavaScript	25
Figure 7  Visual Studio Code	28
Figure 8  Survey Questionnaire	39
Figure 9  Suevey Respondents name	51
Figure 10  Survey Respondents Email Address	51
Figure 11  Question 1 Response	52
Figure 12  Question 2 Response	52
Figure 13  Question 3 Response	53
Figure 14  Question 4 Response	54
Figure 15  Question 5 Response	55
Figure 16   Question 6 Response	55
Figure 17   Question 7 Response	56
Figure 18  Question 8 Response	57
Figure 19   Question 9 Response	57
Figure 20   Question 10 Response	58
Figure 21    Question 11 Response	59
Figure 22    Question 12 Response	59
Figure 23   Question 13 Response	60
Figure 24    Question 14 Response	61
Figure 25   Question 15 Response	61
Figure 26    Question 16 Response	62
Figure 27    Question 17 Response	63
Figure 28    Question 18 Response	63
Figure 29    Question 19 Response	64
Figure 30    Question 20 Response	65
Figure 31  Flowchart of proposed System	68


List of Table
Table 1  Domain Research	17
Table 2  Comparison Table of Similar System	21
Table 3  Hardware Requirement	23
Table 4  Software Requirement	24
Table 5  Comparison Table of different programming Languages	26


 INTRODUCTION
Introduction 
The evolution of technology, accessibility of internet services and online mediums have drastically changed the way a business operates and advertises its products. Especially small and medium enterprises (SMEs) and start-ups have boomed due to access to online tools and online mediums of advertisement. However, many organizations are struggling to reach their potential and achieve long term success. One of the most common reasons for their struggles is the lack of efficient marketing, where the appropriate target is not reached and brand cannot gain recognition. Thus, the brand quality in turn does not reach it target even if the quality is good. Methods like influencer marketing and promotion of content are widely becoming popular as a method to gain the desired attention from the right customer (Sharabati, 2024).
Promoters such as influencers, content creators and marketers are crucial for products and brands' advertising and promotional part, but there is currently no systematic and reliable methods available for businesses to work with suitable promoters. These usually lead to ineffective communication, problems in identifying reliable promoters, and ineffective promotion. B2P Connect is a web based system that intends to connect business with its validated promoters, providing a systematic, transparent and efficient way for dealing promotion in future.

Problem Background 
The new era of digital marketing environment. It uses the internet as the primary place to display the products and services. The quick growth of SME and startup is largely dependent on the readily available tools and networks provided by the digital and social marketing environment and online advertising media, which allow them to attain a big reach at a relatively lower cost than the conventional marketing. However, few businesses are able to gain effective marketing results and long-term growth even with the abundant tools and resources, which lies in no proper systematic operation (Singh, 2024).
When a business seeks promoters which are influencers, content creators, marketing professionals. It is very hard to find out a proper promoter. The promoter is needed to develop brand awareness, target the relevant customers, developing decision-making by consumers etc. Right now there is no profession platform in which the businesses can get and find promoters trustworthily and effectively. Instead, business finds promoters by social media, or contacts, or even some other channel. But those methods are always time consuming, unstable and inefficiency without filtering, verification and communication mechanisms. Businesses are always annoyed that they can not find the proper promoters (Ellis-Chadwick, 2022).
Another difficulty is that the information and verification methods to assess promoters are very weak. Companies would want to know about the results achieved by the promoter in detail, audience demographics of promoters, involvement and response of audience, previous results of campaigns etc in order to make efficient decisions about the choice of the promoters. This information is not available at all, is partially available or is very hard to verify, so the decision is made with the help of such partial or unknown information and thus with increased uncertainty and high risk of appointing wrong promoter for campaign which is likely to cause adverse impact on marketing performance. Also without the correct verification system, there are not many business willing to invest on promotion which in itself is inefficiency in marketing (Lou, Influencer marketing: How message value and credibility affect consumer trust and purchase intention., 2019).
Campaign management is another issue that the current marketing environment needs to address. Most companies do not have the framework and the tool to manage campaign from a planning, execution to monitoring stage. Tasks such as the progress tracking, promoters' communication management and performance results measurement are usually done manually or through isolated platforms. In this case, business has inefficiency, late in reporting, hard to measure ROI. Businesses cannot measure engagement, reach and sales for the campaigns and use that data to do better campaign next time (Kumar, 2023).
Besides business’ limitations, promoters face even more limitations. Since no platform is dedicated to promotion activities promoters have difficulties finding jobs. Influencers and content makers rely on informal networks for business opportunities which may prevent them to gain visibility and career development. Limited to a certain number of people, without any kind of performance evidence of their skills, promoters may find it difficult to forge stable partnerships with businesses, slowing down their progress in the digital marketing domain and thus limiting collaboration success.
These issues necessitate an integrated, superior, and complete solution that fills the present gaps in the market. A centrally integrated application that integrates promotion and verification of promoters, promotion management and performance measurement would drastically improve efficiency in digital marketing. An application like this would make it easier for the businesses to identify the right promoters based on set criteria, get verified performance data for the promoters, organize the promotion campaign smoothly and measure the outcome effectively. For promoters, this application would provide visibility, organized access to the opportunities and reliability (Chatterjee, 2020).
Aim 
This project aims to develop a smart web-based platform that connects businesses with verified promoters to improve marketing effectiveness, collaboration, and audience targeting. 
Objectives 
	•	To develop a structured digital platform that connects businesses and promoters.  
	•	To implement a matching system that recommends promoters based on business requirements.  
	•	To enable promoters to create verified profiles and showcase their portfolio.  
	•	To implement a review and rating system to improve transparency and trust.  
Scope 
This project focuses on developing a web-based platform that manages the interaction between businesses and promoters in an organized manner. 
	•	 The project will include: 

	•	Development of a responsive web application.  
	•	Management of business profiles and promoter profiles.  
	•	Campaign creation and management features.  
	•	Implementation of matching system for promoters.  
	•	Collaboration request handling between users.  
	•	Review and rating system.  
	•	Constraints
	•	The system is limited to web platforms only.  
	•	Mobile applications are not included.  
	•	Advanced artificial intelligence features are not implemented.  
	•	Testing will be conducted with a limited number of users.  
Potential Benefit 
	•	Tangible Benefit 
	•	A structured platform for business-promoter collaboration.  
	•	Easy campaign creation and management system.  
	•	Verified promoter profiles for better selection.  
	•	Centralized system for tracking campaigns and activities.  
	•	Improved efficiency in marketing processes.
	•	Intangible Benefit 
	•	Increased trust and transparency between users.  
	•	Better opportunities for startups and promoters.  
	•	Improved professional collaboration environment.  
	•	Increased awareness of digital marketing practices.  
Target User
	•	Startups and Small Business Owners 
 Startups and small-to-medium enterprises often face difficulty in promoting their products due to limited marketing resources and lack of access to reliable promoters. The platform helps them find verified promoters, create campaigns, and reach the right target audience. This improves visibility, lead generation, and overall business growth.  
	•	Marketing Professionals and Agencies 
 Marketing professionals and agencies look for structured ways to connect with clients and manage promotional activities. The platform allows them to showcase their services, build credibility through verified profiles, and collaborate with businesses in a professional environment.  
	•	Content Creators and Influencers 
	Content creators and influencers often struggle to secure consistent and genuine business partnerships. The platform provides them with an opportunity to create portfolios, display their past work, and receive collaboration requests from businesses. This supports their career growth and increases their professional visibility.  
	•	Business Development Professionals 
 Professionals involved in business development and partnerships need tools to identify suitable promoters and manage collaborations effectively. The platform helps them analyze promoter profiles, track campaign progress, and build long-term business relationships.  
	•	Administrators 
System administrators manage and monitor the overall platform. They ensure smooth operation by handling user management, verifying profiles, monitoring campaigns, and maintaining system integrity. This role supports the reliability and efficiency of the platform.  
	•	Individuals Seeking Digital Marketing Opportunities 
Individuals interested in digital marketing, freelancing, or promotional work can use the platform to explore opportunities, connect with businesses, and gain experience. This helps them build skills and participate in professional marketing activities. 
Functionalities (Deliverables)
	•	User Registration and Profile Creation  The system allows users to create accounts and manage profiles based on their roles as Business, Promoter, or Admin.  
	•	Businesses provide company details such as industry, location, and target audience.  
	•	Promoters create portfolios including niche, audience size, and past work.  This information supports accurate matching and improves collaboration efficiency.  
	•	Promoter Discovery and Search  Businesses can explore and search for promoters using structured filters.  
	•	Search based on niche, location, audience size, and rating  
	•	Organized promoter listings for easy comparison  This helps businesses identify suitable promoters quickly and make informed decisions.  
	•	Promoter Profiles and Portfolio Pages  Each promoter has a dedicated profile page that displays:  
	•	Professional details and niche  
	•	Portfolio of past campaigns and work  
	•	Audience information and engagement level  
	•	Ratings and reviews from previous collaborations  This allows businesses to evaluate promoter credibility before initiating collaboration.  
	•	Campaign Creation and Management  Businesses can create and manage promotional campaigns in a structured way.  
	•	Define campaign goals, budget, and target audience  
	•	Update and monitor campaign progress  
	•	Track campaign status such as Pending, Active, and Completed  This improves planning and control over marketing activities.  
	•	Smart Matching and Recommendation System  The platform includes a smart matching feature that connects businesses with suitable promoters.  
	•	Matching based on niche, budget, location, audience size, and rating  
	•	Automatically ranked list of promoters for each campaign  This reduces manual effort and increases the chances of successful campaigns.  
	•	Collaboration Request System  The system supports structured communication between businesses and promoters.  
	•	Businesses send collaboration requests  
	•	Promoters accept or reject requests  
	•	Both users track request status  This ensures a clear and professional workflow for partnerships.  
	•	Admin Management System  An administrative panel allows system control and monitoring.  
	•	Manage users and profiles  
	•	Monitor campaigns and platform activities  
	•	Handle verification and data management  This ensures platform reliability, security, and proper functioning.  
	•	Review and Rating System  The platform includes a feedback system for both businesses and promoters.  
	•	Users provide ratings after campaign completion  
	•	Reviews are displayed on profiles  This improves transparency, builds trust, and supports continuous improvement. 
Overview of the IR
In this report, the study on building Business to Promoters (B2P) Connect which enables the collaboration between businesses and promoters effectively through the process of digital marketing is described. Businesses require a platform which allows them to organize themselves to set-up their own marketing campaigns and to search and collaborate with promoters in a convenient way. Businesses faces difficulties to discover worthy promoters, poor planning and lack of effective system for campaign management and communications among businesses and promoters.
By creating such system, this will promote the efficiency in the marketing sector by facilitating the business with its marketing campaign using many intelligent methods such as smart matching to get most relevant promoters, matching based on compatibility for ranking, filtering, and monitoring. Business will have their campaign being delivered by suitable and capable promoters who also be provided with excellent visibility over their portfolio and chances for earning. The communication and trust between business and promoters are further strengthened using effective and organized work procedures, reviews and rating systems.
This system also emphasizes in the ease- of- use; hence a user friendly interface is made to be adopted by various users from business owner, promoters and marketers so as to facilitate them in using the application with ease. It also creates a reliable environment for better connection in business and marketing with the right individuals, thereby enhances the business efficiency, promote working capability, business growing, working productivity and collaboration.
Alignment with SDG Goals
The B2P Connect platform is linked to SDG 8 "Decent work and economic growth", aiming to drive sustainable economic growth, employment and innovation. The platform does this by providing an organized digital platform to enhance collaboration between businesses and promoters, allowing Small and Medium Enterprises to broaden their market reach, and enhance campaign effectiveness, thus yielding higher business results, through organized, data driven marketing processes which ultimately enhances business growth, and the promotion of digital economy development. The platform provides a reliable medium for promoters, content creators and marketers to display their work and connect with businesses creating opportunities for job creation, skill enhancement, and career development within the digital marketing landscape, and also enhances the quality of collaboration through system transparency, profile validation, performance measurement, and formalized communication to minimize inefficiencies and ensure better access to digital opportunities, thus fostering inclusion.
Project Plan
Project Timeline for IR & Gantt Chart
Figure 1  TimeLine of the Project


Figure 2  Gantt-Chart















LITERATURE REVIEW 
2.1 Domain Research 
Digital Marketing Platforms and Business Promotion 
This research analyzes on digital marketing platforms that have enable businesses to use in promoting goods and services towards the appropriate customers. The explanation also states how these digital platforms rely on data analysis, audience segmentation and performance measurement in order to enhance their marketing efforts. The usage of these digital platforms has enabled business enterprises to maintain their campaigns, analyze customers behavior and measure the Return of investment. A structured digital marketing system will enhance targeting capabilities and give the ability to optimize campaign using the data derived (Dwivedi, 2021). 
The ultimate purpose of this research was to boost marketing performance using the inclusion of digital technologies in a business' marketing plan. In terms of marketing performance traditional approaches are poor at transparency, are not measurable. The evidence presented reveals how data is better used in an attempt to optimize campaign performance using digital technologies. Existing digital platforms are, in many cases, not specifically developed to accommodate for a collaboration between the business and promoter (Kraus, 2022).
Influencer Marketing and Promoter Engagement 
This study revolves around influencer marketing as one of the major strategy for digital advertising. The paper shows how the business works with the influencers and content creators to reach the right target customers and gain the trust from their clients. Influencers produces and share the interesting content, and it helps increase customer engagement and boost the conversion rate. The paper indicated the three important issues which are authenticity, user interaction, and trustworthy as influencers' criteria (Hudders, 2021).
The objective of this research is to look at influencer marketing effectiveness under the concept of new media environment. The result showed that it's possible that if using promoter as advertisement there is an effect of brand awareness and brand trust. While the trustfulness and credibility of promoter, it is obvious that it influences a purchase intention significantly. While it remains problems such as lack of advertisement disclosure, lack of a verification system and difficulty in performance measure that can affect the business cooperation with a promoter efficiently (Lou, Influencer marketing: How message value and credibility affect consumer trust and purchase intention., 2019).
Smart Matching Systems in Digital Platforms 
This research concerns about smart matching system applied in digital platforms. It mainly focuses on how to connect users according to the demand of users and their interest. The study elaborates the way how recommendation algorithm work: It identifies suitable matches through analyze user's interest and interactions, their behaviors. Recommendation algorithm employs many machine learning method: Collaborative filtering and content-based filtering (Kaur, 2020). 
This paper mainly addresses an improvement in the efficiency of search and recommendation system.manual searching for search, although the time consuming and ineffective, is the most common way when conducting a search. This research presents an automatic matching system that ranks the results with different factors. The experiment shows that the intelligent matching has increased the satisfaction of users and the decision making time is reduced. However, most of the systems are applied for general recommendations and not for business to promoter matching platform.
Role-Based Systems and Platform Management 
This paper presents the role-based access control which is used in web applications in order to access with various types of users roles. The application of giving different kinds of roles to each user type like administrator, client and service provider in the application provides more security and usability to the application. Each user type will be assigned a certain type of permission (Sandhu, 2023).
The intention of the study was to permit a less invasive and more secure system to be developed. Clearly, from role based systems, less irrelevant penetration might be permitted through a more effective system, where the job role of users could be precisely defined. Many of the systems outlined have not sufficiently clearly define the roles which leads to an ineffective system, user not understanding their role.
Review and Rating Systems in Online Platforms 
The goal of this study is to analyze how review and rating systems in digital services helps to build confidence and transparency. Survey detailed in this work shows how review user created influences consumer decisions and services quality. Ratings act as a trust factor to help user evaluating products, services or even other users.
This paper investigates the influence of online reviews. It seems to be commonly accepted that positive reviews will enhance the level of trust and purchase intention and negative reviews can affect the perceived risks. The appropriate format of review can even have better result. Meanwhile, absence of rational moderation system and false reviews have long remained as critical issues (Filieri, 2021). 
This paper investigates the influence of online reviews. It seems to be commonly accepted that positive reviews will enhance the level of trust and purchase intention and negative reviews can affect the perceived risks. The appropriate format of review can even have better result. Meanwhile, absence of rational moderation system and false reviews have long remained as critical issues (Filieri, 2021). 
Table 1  Domain Research
Journal Name
Authors
Title
Key Findings
International Journal of Information Management
Dwivedi, Y. K., Ismagilova, E., Hughes, D. L., et al. (2021)
Setting the Future of Digital and Social Media Marketing Research
Digital marketing platforms improve business promotion through data analytics, audience targeting, and performance tracking. These systems increase marketing efficiency and decision-making accuracy.
International Journal of Advertising
Hudders, L., De Jans, S., & De Veirman, M. (2021)
The Commercialization of Social Media Stars
Influencer marketing improves brand awareness, trust, and customer engagement. Promoters help businesses reach specific audience segments effectively.
Telematics and Informatics
Kaur, H., Paruthi, M., Islam, J., & Hollebeek, L. D. (2020)
Community Recommendation Systems in Online Social Networks
Smart matching and recommendation systems improve user experience by providing personalized suggestions based on behavior and interests.


Journal Name
Authors
Title
Key Findings
IEEE Computer
Sandhu, R. S., Coyne, E. J., Feinstein, H. L., & Youman, C. E. (1996)
Role-Based Access Control Models
Role-based systems improve security and system organization by assigning specific permissions to different users.
Information & Management
Filieri, R., McLeay, F., Tsui, B., & Lin, Z. (2021)
Consumer Perceptions of Online Reviews and Purchase Intention
Review and rating systems improve trust, transparency, and decision-making. User feedback helps maintain service quality and platform credibility.

Similar Systems/ Works
	•	Aspire (AspireIQ)
Figure 3  Aspire

Link: https://www.aspire.io/
Aspire is a marketing platform that enables organizations to collaborate with influencers and to organize marketing campaigns. Aspire contains functions that include, but are not limited to, influencer discovery, campaign tracking and relationship management. The functionality in Aspire is to help companies identify influencers based on their niche, their followers insights and engagement data, which enable informed decisions to be made (Aspire., 2023).
The platform is intended more for larger organizations and brand companies. There is subscription for Aspire and this may not be suitable for startups and small companies. It is quite feature complex for the needs of user whom want simple yet fast system for collaboration and matching of promoters.
	•	Heepsy
Figure 4  Heepsy

Link: https://www.heepsy.com/
Heepsy is a search platform of influencers, where the businesses can search the influencer on the basis of country, specialization, number of followers/auditory and engagement rate. Heepsy also gives access to the analysis of influencer performance and audience quality to aid the choice of best marketers for their campaign (Heepsy, 2023).
Heepsy primarily deals with influencer search and analytics, and does not offer the entire platform that covers the system to manage the campaigns, send out requests, and follow-up with their progress. It does not have workflow integrated system, and can hardly be termed as a full-fledged business-to-promoter platform.
	•	Influencity
Figure 5  Influencity

Link: https://influencity.com/
Influencity is a digital tool that helps to search influencers, manage campaign, and evaluate the campaign performance. Businesses could gain audience characteristics, engagement levels, and campaign performances by reading influential's reports, thus, the firms are able to assess their marketing performance and adjust their campaign strategy accordingly (Influencity, 2023).
On the other hand, Influencity is more oriented towards analytics and the managing of campaigns for enterprises. Being that said, it can turn complicated for smaller companies and startups. Its functionality requires paid access to the premium features. Thus, it’s not very accessible for everyone. Also, it does not provide a simple and friendly system to achieve quick matches and collaboration between companies and promoters. 

Table 2  Comparison Table of Similar System
Feature
Aspire (AspireIQ)
Heepsy
Influencity
Type of System
Influencer marketing platform
Influencer discovery tool
Influencer analytics and campaign platform
Main Purpose
Manage influencer campaigns and relationships
Find and evaluate influencers
Analyze and manage influencer campaigns
Promoter Discovery
Available
Advanced filtering
Advanced filtering
Smart Matching System
Limited
No
Limited
Campaign Management
Yes
No
Yes
Collaboration System
Yes
No
Limited
Profile Verification
Yes
Limited
Yes
Accessibility for Startups
Low
Medium
Low

Conclusion from Analysing Similar Systems
A review of influencer marketing platforms, including Aspire, Heepsy and Influencity show, while they incorporate some helpful tools, they are far from being complete platforms. Aspire can be characterized as an all-in-one platform for influencer marketing campaign execution, however it can be seen to be quite complex and geared towards big business, while Heepsy can be recognized as having useful search functionalities for finding an appropriate influencer, lacking management and inter-party collaboration functions, and Influencity provide good campaign tracking and analysis but is complex to use and non-accessible until purchased.
The gap is identified between the fully featured, yet too complex and expensive influencer marketing platforms currently on the market and the smaller start-ups/businesses who would benefit greatly from such a service but find most platforms inaccessible. Overall it seems a simple, efficient tool is needed to allow brands and promoters to collaborate effectively by connecting companies to the right influencers, making campaigning simple and manageable; and it is hoped that B2P Connect will fill this void.
	•	Technical Research
2.3.1 System Requirement Analysis
B2P Connect is a web based application which matches businesses with promoters by utilizing smart matching. The application requires moderate computation power to run the backend processing, database transactions and user interface.

I. Hardware Requirements
Table 3  Hardware Requirement
Component
Minimum Requirement
Justification
Processor (CPU)
Dual-core 2.0 GHz
Required to run development tools, local server, and database efficiently
Memory (RAM)
4 GB
Needed to run backend, frontend, and testing tools simultaneously
Storage
1 GB free space
Required for source code, database, and project files
Internet Connection
Broadband Internet
Required for research, API testing, and deployment
Input Devices
Keyboard and Mouse
Required for coding, debugging, and navigation


II. Software Requirements
Table 4  Software Requirement
Component
Requirement
Justification
Operating System
Windows 10/11
Supports development tools like Node.js, PostgreSQL, and VS Code
Frontend Framework
Next.js
Provides fast, scalable UI with server-side rendering
Backend Runtime
Node.js
Handles server-side processing efficiently
Backend Framework
Express.js
Simplifies API development and routing
Database
PostgreSQL
Stores structured data with strong reliability
Web Server
Nginx
Manages traffic and improves performance
Development Tools
VS Code, Git, Postman
Used for coding, version control, and API testing
Authentication
JWT, bcrypt
Secures login and user data




2.3.2 Programming Language Chosen
1. JavaScript  
Figure 6  JavaScript

JavaScript is a very popular object oriented, high level programming language in today's modern web applications. Due to its characteristic JavaScript is capable of running in the backend and in the frontend, making it a suitable candidate for building a full stack system. Frameworks such as Next.js, and Express.js give us ability to develop large number of web applications quickly while being responsive and scalable. There is huge network of libraries, frameworks and tools that can help you quickly integrate authentications, api calls and database manipulation (Richards, 2022).
For the frontend, the framework Next.js has been employed. It gives advantages as Server Side Rendering, Quick routing and speed of system. Node.js has been utilized as runtime for the backend for server operations. Express.js has been employed for the handling of APIs, routing and communication between the frontend and PostgreSQL database.



Table 5  Comparison Table of different programming Languages
Criteria
JavaScript (Node.js)
Python
Java
Full Stack Development
Single language for frontend and backend
Requires separate frontend technology
Requires separate frontend and backend setup
Web Development Focus
Designed for web applications and browser integration
Supported through frameworks like Django
Supported through frameworks like Spring
Performance
High performance with asynchronous processing
Moderate performance in concurrent tasks
High performance but resource intensive
Development Speed
Fast due to reusable components and NPM packages
Fast for scripting and prototyping
Slower due to complex structure and setup
Real Time Processing
Handles multiple requests efficiently
Limited in real time processing
Strong but complex to implement
Ecosystem
Large ecosystem for web development
Strong in data analysis and machine learning
Strong in enterprise level applications
Ease of Integration
Easy integration between frontend and backend
Requires additional setup for integration
Requires more configuration and tools
Suitability for Project
Best for scalable web platform development
Suitable for data focused systems
Suitable for enterprise level systems
Criteria
JavaScript (Node.js)
Python
Java



However JavaScript can be considered the preferred choice for the B2P Connect platform as it facilitates the full stack web development and provides a coherent and seamless integration of the systems. JavaScript is known to run efficiently across any operating system (Windows, macOS, Linux) over web browsers thereby enabling easier access of the platform to the users without any additional installation process. By leveraging framework such as Next.js for the frontend and Node.js/Express.js for the backend enables the delivery of an application with higher responsiveness and scalability. These characteristics of cross platform accessibility, higher performance and ease of development makes it a good choice for a business to promoter collaboration platform (Pautasso, 2020).
Reasons for choosing JavaScript
	•	Rich Framework Support: JavaScript is popular for a broad array of frameworks and libraries which aid in developing a full stack of the website. Tools such as Next.js for frontend and Node.js with Express.js for backend helps create a complete web platform for connecting businesses with promoters.
	•	Support for real-time data handling: JavaScript provides features which assist with asynchronous processing that allows the system to serve a number of requests from users simultaneously. This will be useful for campaigns being updated or for businesses sending collaboration requests etc, to enable smooth real time interaction between the users.
	•	NPM Package Support: JavaScript has a wide ecosystem of reusable packages available in NPM. Such packages can help support features such as Authentication, data handling, notification, integration to external systems, etc., which is vital for building B2P Connect.
	•	Support for Scalable System Design: JavaScript supports development of a scalable application where the components of a system can be enlarged depending on the number of users that need to use it. Such design aids managing large amounts of users, campaigns and promoter profiles.
	•	Support for User Interface and Interaction: JavaScript can be used efficiently with modern frontend frameworks which aid in creating responsive and interactive user interfaces and helps in providing an excellent user experience to the business users and the promoters using the system.
	•	Tools Chosen 
	•	Visual Studio Code (VS Code)
Figure 7  Visual Studio Code

VS Code is used as the primary development environment for code writing and organization. It provides functionality such as code highlighting, debugging support, and extensions that assist in improving productivity. It also provides access to various version control systems which can be used to monitor changes of codes (Microsof, 2023).
	•	Git and GitHub
Git is utilized for version control for managing code changes whereas GitHub is utilized to keep repository on the online system. These can track developments of codes over time and manage history and assist collaboration (Spinellis, 2022).
	•	Postman
Postman is utilized for the system testing regarding requesting and responding requests of the system. The testing will assist checking whether the backend functionalities such as authentication, data storage is functioning. Thus the system is performing user request accordingly.
	•	PostgreSQL
PostgreSQL is utilized as the system management of the database in order to manage system data. It takes in the user data, campaign data, promoter profiles, and collaboration data.
	•	Web Browser Tools
The developer tools on the browser can be used to testing and debugging the frontend of the platform. They are used for the issues on layout and check the performances on the system and making sure that platform functions correctly on different device.

METHODOLOGY
The methodology to build a system is a blueprint or framework for developing, designing, implementing, and planning the software system. It helps in a complex system development as in B2P Connect that builds several components of system like user management, campaigns, and smart matching. The right choice of a methodology would organize the building process of the system and also manage system related complications in effective manner and ensures the required objectives are fulfilled.
	•	System Development Methodology
	•	Introduction
System development for the project follows the Agile Iterative Model, where the system is developed in smaller cycle of iteration. An iteration consists of planning, requirement analysis, design, development, and testing of small parts of the system, like user management, campaign, promoter match up etc. A working version of the system is developed and delivered to client at the end of each cycle, and based on the feedback, new features are developed, in next iteration (Pressman, 2020).
	•	Methodology Choice and Justification
The Agile Iterative Model is used, because, it can help to meet the requirement of flexibility and constant improvement which are essential for a system such as the B2P Connect. There are various elements to a system such as, the user interface, the campaigns flow, the matching logic, and etc which need to be tested, refined and be retested. A sequential approach would result in late testing of components, hence leading to bugs and errors being produced at a late stage; and the iterative approach helps to test components at an early stage of system development.
This model enables identifying errors in the matching accuracy, the user interface or even the system's speed at the early stage, so that it can be rectified with less effort and time required. Information from the users can be gathered after each iteration so as to make modifications and updates to the design and performance of the system. It also allows refinement of the requirements, and it would seem that the actual requirement of the businesses and promoters are understood and catered for through the interaction between each system.
	•	 Activities and Process in Each Phase 

	•	Planning phase
The planning phase is the most important stage for all the development cycles for B2P Connect platform. This phase is used to clearly define system's goals, scope and technical requirements to guide the development processes. The primary goal of this phase is to have ideas converted into well-organized plan that would serve the development of web based system for connecting businesses and promoters.
In the initial step specific and measurable goals are defined, such as creation of central functions like user registration, campaign generation, promoters discovery, and smart matching. In order to perform the development process in well-structured way, all the features of the system are prioritized in stages. There are several categories that classify the features: "must have features", "should have features", "could have features" and "won't have features". User authentication, profile management, campaign posting and basic matching are defined as "must have features" because they enable the essential functionality of the system. Advanced filtering and notification systems are marked as "should have features" because their absence would not prevent the system from working but it would definitely improve user's experience. The analytics reports and better interactive tools for the users are defined as "could have features", these features are optional and would enable additional functionalities, these could be incorporated in later stage of development if necessary. "Won't have features" defines the functionalities that will not be implemented at any phase of the development.
Resources such as appropriate technologies like JavaScript for the full stack development, required frameworks and tools, are chosen in order to support the development of the system. All the risks that might occur such as system performance issues, incorrect matching or problematic user experience are identified and a plan to manage and mitigate them during the development cycle is created.
The result of the planning phase is a clear iteration plan that sets the goals, prioritizes the features and determines the development tasks, deadlines, and risk handling strategies.
	•	Requirements Analysis Phase
The requirements analysis phase transforms the idea of the project into a formal and coherent specification, describing how the system should function and operate. The user requirements derived from the questionnaires and research, is analyzed to define the functional and non-functional requirements of the B2P Connect platform. These functional requirements are user authentication, user profile, campaigns and promotion mechanism, matching between promoters, feedback and rating systems, and non-functional requirements which cover the performance, security and usability of the platform. The product of this phase is a Software Requirements Specification document which will be used as a reference for developers during system design and implementation. This document will also be the base for system testing and verification.
	•	Functional Requirements
	•	User registration and Profile Management: Users (businesses and promoters) can register themselves on the platform and create a profile which contains their industry type, niche of interest, professional experience and personal preferences to ease in matching.
	•	Campaign creation and management: Businesses can create, manage and update campaigns they wish to execute by including details such as their objectives, target budget, intended target group and duration.
	•	Promoter search and matching: A smart system that connects appropriate businesses to a desired promoter, it considers aspects like the promoters niche, the targeted audience group etc. Businesses are also provided with the facility to search manually for promoters as well.
	•	Request and collaboration management: Businesses will be able to send out collaboration requests to promoters, who will be able to accept or reject them. The platform will ensure all statuses of collaborations are being maintained along with a communication system between the two users.
	•	Rating and review:Both businesses and promoters will be able to rate and review after each successful collaboration, helping both of them to decide on future partnerships.
	•	Non-Functional Requirements
	•	Performance: The application needs to have quick response times for actions like finding promoters, building campaigns, and requests are created and managed. The system needs to be able to manage many users at the same time without latency.
	•	Accuracy: The matching system needs to give appropriate promoter suggestions based on user preference and the needs of a campaign to encourage beneficial partnerships.
	•	Availability: The system needs to be consistently available and accessible to users with little to no downtime. It needs to manage error gracefully.
	•	Usability: The interface of the system should be clear and user-friendly. The user must be able to find everything they are looking for and use the system with little instruction.
	•	Maintainability: The application should be clearly laid out in such a manner that new updates and functionalities may be added with no impact on the current system's capabilities.
	•	Security: All user information must be securely maintained using robust authentication procedures and secure data management. Unauthorized users will not be able to access either the business's or promoter's information.
	•	Design Phase
The design phase describes how the B2P Connect platform will be structured and how each component will behave. Here the architecture of the system is converted to a detailed design which will then direct development. This phase would include the design of the user interface, the database and the logic required to achieve certain features including: user registration, campaign creation/management, matching of promoters with campaigns, handling of collaborations. The user interface will be designed with simplicity and ease of use to enable both businesses and promoters to interact efficiently. The structure of the database will determine the form in which information like the profile of users, campaigns and the interaction between them will be stored. The logic of the system will define how the matching mechanism, request handling and feedback mechanism will operate.
	•	User Interface Design
User interface of B2P Connect is characterized by a neat, simple interface with an organized dashboard enabling access of both businesses and promoters to desired functionalities, be it management of their profiles or creation and management of campaigns. In addition, it displays crucial data such as number of promoters identified, notification of requests to work, etc in a well-defined list format to give business users a view of all their identified and relevant promoters at a glance. The options for accessing account settings and updating profile details can be done without taking away any of the immediate activity at hand.
	•	Data Structure Design
The data structure is designed to efficiently store and retrieve platform data. The data structure consists of user profiles, campaign data, promoter data and collaboration data and these are interconnected for seamless data flow. It has also been developed to achieve fast storage, fast modification and accurate data maintenance while ensuring expandability of the system.
	•	Logic Design of the system
The logic of the system deals with operation of the core components on the platform which include: User authentication, Campaign Management, Promoter matching and Working together processes. The matching logic helps the system to propose the best promoters to the users on the basis of their choice and campaign requirements and handle the requests, status and feedbacks.
	•	Database Design
The database design sets the structure for the storage and organization of data into tables. There will be separate tables for users, campaigns, promoters, reviews and collaboration requests, with relational links set up between the tables. The database design will enable safe storage and easy retrieval of a large quantity of data.
	•	System Architecture design
This aspect covers the entire architecture of the system including frontend, backend, and database. Frontend part deals with user input, backend part takes care of processing the data and system logic and database stores the system information. This separation increases manageability and scalability of the system.
	•	Testing and Evaluation Phase
The B2P Connect platform goes through testing and evaluation phase to ensure it functions as per the user's requirements. The primary aim of this phase is to test the system for functionality, performance and user usability prior to its live operation. The errors can be discovered and improved upon so that the system features like managing the campaign, coordinating promoter matches, managing collaborative information etc function smoothly (Garousi, 2020).
Testing Type
	•	System Testing
System testing tests the system as a whole by performing end to end test flows like user sign up, editing profile, create campaign, finding promoter and handling cooperation. The test helps ensure that the system modules work with each other and system is functioning correctly under both normal and error conditions.
	•	Performance Testing
Performance test tests how well the system stands with many users and many concurrent requests in the same time. It tests the system response time for different actions such as finding promoter, create campaign, sending cooperative requests to promote campaign.
	•	User Acceptance Testing(UAT)
User acceptance testing involves actual users such as business owners, and promoters and test real world scenario. They help to improve usability of the system, provide feedback for system design and ensure the practical requirement for system to work.
	•	Unit Testing and Integration Testing
Unit test is to test a specific function (such as login, campaign processor or matching engine) to ensure every single part is working correctly and integration test makes sure that each module, from frontend to backend to database, are interacting with each other properly (Shull, 2021).
The testing phase is very important to improve and test the whole system by identifying defects, optimizing performance and improving usability. Hence, B2P Connect system would be efficient, reliable and meet user expectations to work in real world.
	•	Maintenance Stage
The maintenance stage makes sure the B2P Connect platform is running without error, stays secured, and is up to date according to user needs after its deployment. The maintenance stage is ongoing, and it revolves around updating, troubleshooting and enhancing the B2P Connect platform based on the feedback of businesses and promoters, thereby increasing its long-term usage.
	•	Corrective maintenance
This maintenance is applied in order to correct bugs and defects discovered by users while using the system, like the inaccuracy of the promoters matching results, or the ineffectual modification of the collaborative requests. The system logic is altered in order to work correctly and consistently.
	•	Adaptive maintenance
This maintenance is performed in order to adapt the platform to a new technical environment, like a new version of the frameworks, libraries or database systems used. Modifications will then be applied so that components like campaign management or user interaction will still be working.
	•	Perfective maintenance
This maintenance is aimed to enhance the performances and the user experience of the system on the basis of users’ feedbacks. As an example of perfective maintenance we could mention the improvement of matching results, of dashboards' performances or the addition of filter parameters.
	•	Preventive maintenance
This type of maintenance aims at preventing future threats and maintaining the stability of the system. This includes the updating of components, the improvement of the code architecture and security patches.
Regular maintenance such as system updates, performance enhancements and feature upgrades fall under this maintenance phase, allowing the B2P Connect platform to remain efficient, reliable and responsive to dynamic business and marketing needs.	
	•	Data Gathering Design
In this project, the surveys were chosen to be the main method of data collection. Surveys enable collection of data from different user groups: entrepreneurs, promoters, and marketers scattered in different parts of the country. This method allows collection of two types of data: quantitative data (user preferences and trends), and qualitative data (user perception and obstacles to digital marketing cooperation) (Creswell, 2020).
The survey structure is designed to give the same questions to all the survey respondents, this would help in standardizing the data collection and comparison, whereas open responses would provide respondents to share their own perceptions of the issues. Anonymity of responses would promote users' willingness to express genuine opinions, for example difficulties in finding trustworthy promoters, managing marketing campaigns and sustaining trustworthy relationships. This methodology helps to gain fundamental data regarding user needs, system requirements and common problems between businesspeople and promoters, which would provide strong foundation for designing system at later phase.
	•	Section A: User Profile
This section gathers basic details about participants such as role, industry, experience, and use of digital platforms to understand their background and usage patterns.
Figure 8  Survey Questionnaire




	•	Section B: Up-to-date Issues and Needs
Actual issues and needs. This section analyzes actual problems users encounter with digital marketing and collaboration, issues regarding finding promoters, running campaigns and checking for authenticity etc.





	•	Section C: B2P System Preferences
In this section user needs and preferences on B2P system such as matching, filtering and campaign progress checking are collected. It describes system functional requirement.





	•	Section D: Privacy and Customization
In this section user preferences about data security and control over personal information are concerned. Preferences about notifications and personalized recommendations are also explored.

	•	Section E:  Additional Feedback
Users suggestions about improvement of the platform are also welcome in this part which could bring new ideas to system design.

Types of Questions used in the survey:
	•	Multiple choice questions
	•	Multiple response questions
	•	Frequency based questions
	•	Open ended questions
	•	Demographic questions
The data collection design for the B2P Connect platform would incorporate a well planned study design in order to capture the requirements and preferences of the target users such as owners of businesses, promoters and the marketing people. A mixed design of both quantitative and qualitative research methods would be employed to derive real time requirements and challenges from people who would be the users.
The principal objective is to identify users' current practices, identify problems associated with promoter searching, managing campaign and measuring performance and derive the required feature preference. Confidentiality and ethical principles were assured where the users volunteered their response.
	•	Data Gathering Techniques
Data collection is one of the crucial steps in building the system because it presents the specific knowledge about user needs, preference, problem, etc. For B2P Connect, by collecting data systematically, it can be ensured that the system is useful and user friendly for business owners and promoters.
In this project, survey is applied as one of the primary methods to collect the data. Surveys collect both quantitative (preferences and usage habits) and qualitative (opinions and experiences) data from the user in a structured format. It enables researchers to cover various types of users, i.e. Business owners, promoters and marketers to gather diverse requirement.
The survey consists of some relevant categories such as user profile, problems confronted, desired features and concern about privacy. Questions are structured in such a way that it is possible to elicit necessary information for the development of system. Collected data would be used for further modification and iteration based on the Agile development process.	
Advantages of questionnaire use:
A number of advantages leads to the use of questionnaires in the B2P Connect project for collecting valid and reliable data from the businesses and promoters.
	•	Effectiveness: Enables the collection of feedback from a number of people at the same time, so information concerning marketing and collaboration topics is collected rapidly and in varied forms.
	•	Uniformity: All users are asked the same questions so data collection isuniform so you can relatively easily compare users' answers.
	•	Quantitative data: Questions with fixed responses like Multiple-choice questions and Likert scales enable the easy assessment of user preferences in terms of, for example, the matching of marketing partners, campaigns tracking, system navigation, etc.
	•	Qualitative data: Open-ended questions enable the collection of users' individual opinions, wishes and problems. It can therefore become obvious what are the actual users' problems, for example how to find promoters or manage campaigns.
	•	Understanding user needs: The survey asks users about topics of collaboration and trust, thus understanding the basic needs of users for a better relationship between businesses and promoters.
Agile development methodology is applied in the development of this project. In the iterative design approach, the survey result would be used to enhance the system over several rounds. The user feed back would be integrated with the planning, design, test and improvement process of the system including features like matching, campaign and user interaction, so as to meet users' requirements and fulfill the objective of a collaborative platform for digital marketing.
Conclusion 
The survey allows us to grasp a clear perspective about how users perceive their behavior, what are their expectations from the platform and the aspects that are of concern in relation to data privacy while working with businesses and with promoters. This data can then be used to make decision in development of systems in order to avoid not recognizing crucial user requirements and thus have an efficient user centric platform to use for the real world application.
	•	Questions Based on the Techniques Chosen
The survey method selected is employed to construct a structured questionnaire which can be utilized to gather data from prospective users of B2P Connect platform. The questionnaire has been constructed in such a way that information regarding the background of the user, present problems faced by the user, preferred system and privacy issue, general feedback regarding business-promoter collaboration is collected from the prospective users.
Questions in the survey have been categorized in five different sections to make data collection systematic and analysis easy. Each question has a particular aim of gathering useful information like problems associated with tracing promoters, expectations from the system, feature-sets to be desired, etc.
	•	Analysis
In this project, data is analyzed through the use of a mixed-methods approach which involves the use of both quantitative and qualitative methods to achieve coherent insights. Quantitative data from the questionnaires is analyzed using the descriptive method in the form of frequency and percentage distribution in order to find out trends of users' behaviour, choices and problems. Simultaneously, qualitative data from open-ended questions is analyzed using the thematic analysis to find out the recurring problems such as difficulties in finding promoters, complexities in managing campaigns and desire of additional features for the platform. This method allows the combination of statistical outcomes with practical users' needs and thus facilitates effective decision making to design and further develop B2P Connect platform.
	•	Analysis Towards the Data Retrieve from The Data Gathering Activities
In this report, the study on building Business to Promoters (B2P) Connect which enables the collaboration between businesses and promoters effectively through the process of digital marketing is described. Businesses require a platform which allows them to organize themselves to set-up their own marketing campaigns and to search and collaborate with promoters in a convenient way. Businesses faces difficulties to discover worthy promoters, poor planning and lack of effective system for campaign management and communications among businesses and promoters.
By creating such system, this will promote the efficiency in the marketing sector by facilitating the business with its marketing campaign using many intelligent methods such as smart matching to get most relevant promoters, matching based on compatibility for ranking, filtering, and monitoring. Business will have their campaign being delivered by suitable and capable promoters who also be provided with excellent visibility over their portfolio and chances for earning. The communication and trust between business and promoters are further strengthened using effective and organized work procedures, reviews and rating systems.
This system also emphasizes in the ease- of- use; hence a user friendly interface is made to be adopted by various users from business owner, promoters and marketers so as to facilitate them in using the application with ease. It also creates a reliable environment for better connection in business and marketing with the right individuals, thereby enhances the business efficiency, promote working capability, business growing, working productivity and collaboration.
	•	Final List of User Requirement Summarized from The Analysis

Full Name
Figure 9  Suevey Respondents name

Email
Figure 10  Survey Respondents Email Address

Figure 11  Question 1 Response

According to the survey, more than half of the respondents (53.3%) are of age group 18-22. This clearly indicates high usage from young and enthusiastic users who are into digital world. Other age groups 23-27, >28 have usage of 23.3% and 16.7% respectively and none is less than 18. This proves that B2P Connect platform is mainly used by young people with more involvement in digital system. Thus a fast and easy and friendly system is required.
Figure 12  Question 2 Response

The respondents of the survey showed that 40% of the total responses were marketeers, with 30% falling into the "other roles". 16.7% are promoters or influencers, and 13.3% are business owners. From this, it is apparent that the platform attracts users with marketing know how and similar roles; therefore the platform needs to consider what features would support their campaign managing and collaborating needs, as well as support professional-level digital marketing campaigns.
Figure 13  Question 3 Response

The biggest participation were in the sectors of Food and Education at 26.7% participation rate followed by technology sector at 23.3% and fashion sector at 13.3%. Remaining 10% of participation are from other industries. It is interesting to see that all other business industries participate in this platform and the key business industries which utilizes the digital marketing such as fashion sector participated sufficiently and also proving the diversity of the features on the platform is important to suffice all business industries by participation of both food and education industries.
Figure 14  Question 4 Response

Most of the users have a level of digital marketing used within their campaign already, as depicted from these results where 46.7% chose 'sometimes', 30% 'rarely', 16.7% 'frequently' with only a handful choosing 'never'. This data clearly shows there is a high proportion of users who are already in the process of digital marketing and this kind of system will be able to illustrate the benefits of such a user friendly and effective system for these individuals.

Figure 15  Question 5 Response

Based on survey findings, 40% users are neutral, while 36.7% satisfied, 13.3% are not satisfied and 10% are very satisfied. No respondents are very dissatisfied. Such a result suggest that while many users feel neutral or satisfied about their promotion/collaboration method, the level of confidence about existing system is still not quite high in large extent. Therefore, there is a great potential for B2P Connect platform that can enhance cooperation and marketing strategy efficiently and systematically.
Figure 16   Question 6 Response

Based on the results from the survey, the data suggests that 80% of people encounter problem finding right promoters/business partners, and 20% do not. The survey reflects that the biggest problem with current marketing environment is that most people encounter problems finding appropriate promoters/business partners. This fact provides strong evidence of necessity of B2P Connect plan.
Figure 17   Question 7 Response


In the results, most people encountered problems with digital marketing, they are promoters and the budget (33.3% in each), communication (20%) and the measurement of the results (13.3%). It can be seen here that it's the discovery of a good promoter and the mastery of the budget that people meet with most problems.
Figure 18  Question 8 Response
 
Regarding "how users connect with the promoters or companies," 40% of users said social media, 33.3% said agency, and 23.3% said friend and personal contact. Other options were not many. This means users can often contact partners through informal and spread out channels. The value of B2P Connect may thus be demonstrated as to help organize the connection.
Figure 19   Question 9 Response

It is observed from the results that 73.3% of users find difficulty in verifying promoter credentials and only 26.7% of users don’t. It clearly indicates the prevalence of trust deficiency in today’s digital marketing system and a bulk of the users are unable to authenticate the credibility of promoters. It indicates the importance of features like review, rating system and verified profiles in B2P Connect.
Figure 20   Question 10 Response

From the results of the survey, it is identified that 86.7% users face issues while campaign management while 13.3% users are not facing issues while doing campaign management. From the findings, we can observe that campaign managing is a core issue which most users are facing so systematic tools are needed in the B2P Connect system so that planning, tracking and managing marketing activities can be performed smoothly.
Figure 21    Question 11 Response

From the results achieved we can see most users define success of a campaign by sales, which is at 40% of the users. The next value users rank most is engagement, at 30% users, whereas reach is a value defined by 23.3% and a much lower percentage are not certain on what constitutes a successful campaign and how to define it. This demonstrates that most users focus on quantifiable metrics such as sales or engagement, it is obvious that B2P Connect needs to offer accurate campaign performance tracking and reporting.
Figure 22    Question 12 Response

Based on the survey, 53.3% of the people agree and 26.7% of the people don't care about the B2P Connect platform to be launched, however only a few strongly agree on that and only a couple disagree and strongly disagree. Hence overall the interest level on B2P connect platform is quite positive.
Figure 23   Question 13 Response

The survey proves that most of the users think a smart matching system is important because 30% of the users agree it is somehow important and 26.7% of the users agree it is somewhat important. Meanwhile, 16.7% of the users agree it is very important and 10% of the users agree it is important, only 16.7% of the users do not think it is important. Therefore, high percentage of users agree it is important, and this supports a good recommendation system on B2P Connect in helping promoters selecting promoters.
Figure 24    Question 14 Response

This demonstrates from the survey results, that as high as 96.7% of users, and a small majority not, wants the promoters to be ranked according to their compatibility. This shows that there is a definite market for this ranking system that allows the user to determine a compatible promoter. The B2P Connect should thus contain a ranking system, based on compatibility.
Figure 25   Question 15 Response

According to the survey, 76.7% users prefer to have filtering options based on niche, location and rating and 23.3% do not. It implies that users prefer to use a sophisticated filtering system so as to efficiently locate suitable promoters that meet certain specifications. It shows the necessity of building strong search and filtering functionality into the B2P Connect platform.
Figure 26    Question 16 Response

The findings suggest that, for most respondents, statements regarding tracking, etc. Are considered important and relevant (agree/strongly agree). The user interest on the majority of statements regarding features, such as ease in discovering promoters (centralized platform) , positive aspects in structuring and organizing campaign execution and benefits of promoter promotion is very high. Similarly, "smart matching will provide a greater sense of security for finding suitable promoters" also got significant high agreement rate and transparency on digital platforms also has the same effect. Negative values on all these statements is relatively small and shows the need for all these base features on B2P Connect.
Figure 27    Question 17 Response

The survey also revealed that 76.7% users expect that their data to be secure on the platform and 23.3% did not express the expectations. This suggests that users are concerned about their data security and is significant. Strong security measure must be in place for the B2P Connect to provide the users with the data protection and hence achieve users confidence.
Figure 28    Question 18 Response

In terms of the expected difficulties in using the platform, communication problems (40%), lack of funds (30%), recruitment of trustworthy promoters (26.7%) are the major concerns among users, and a little part of the survey responders foresee that monitoring the effectiveness of campaign would be a challenge. It can be identified that, users primarily worried about good communication and the costs incurred in using the platform, and this emphasize that the B2P Connect needs the existence of structured communication tools and a transparent price structure feature.
Figure 29    Question 19 Response

The users prioritize the business to promoter platform features such as trust, reliability and good matching as most significant. Users commonly point out the need for verification of profile and reliable promoters and effective rating/matching system to select right promoter. Communication has been cited as one of the requirements which mean the user desires an easy communication with clear interface. There are also some user comments related to budget constraint suggesting transparency in cost calculation and money management. In summary, the users expect the platform with these attributes.
Figure 30    Question 20 Response

The users prioritize the business to promoter platform features such as trust, reliability and good matching as most significant. Users commonly point out the need for verification of profile and reliable promoters and effective rating/matching system to select right promoter. Communication has been cited as one of the requirements which mean the user desires an easy communication with clear interface. There are also some user comments related to budget constraint suggesting transparency in cost calculation and money management. In summary, the users expect the platform with these attributes.
	•	Integrated Research Findings
All of the above findings combine the survey and depict a clear sign for the B2P Connect platform pointing to the direction of the platform usage by the target users of B2P Connect (the business owners, promotion and marketers) who are the most frequent users of the digital platform but face difficulties in finding the right promoters, validating their credibility and managing campaigns. There is high demand for smarter matching, ranking (according to their compatibility) and filtering features in order to guarantee accuracy of selections whereas potential drawbacks refer to the importance of improving the communication channels and controlling the budgets among compared systems. Data security and trust is consistently among the major issues raised revealing the strong demand for a safe and trusted platform with verified profiles of users. The potential users seem to prefer a simple, reliable and efficient platform which facilitates binding cooperation, systematic management and interaction.












	•	System Architecture
Figure 31  Flowchart of proposed System
 
This workflow diagram depicts the entire functioning of B2P Connect platform. Initially, the users get the platform via web application and sign up or log in to the system. After authentication, the user is redirected to the dashboard on the basis of the role of the user,i.e., Business user, Promoter or Administrator. The Business user then fills out the campaign-related information to create the campaign such as budget, niche, objectives and the timescale. After receiving the information of the campaign, the system is processed to make the match using the matching engine and suggests appropriate promoters. The system displays the recommendations of the promoters to the business users and sends out the collaboration requests. Similarly, promoters can get to see the collaboration request, accept or reject the campaign. The system handles the collaboration progress, updates and results when the request is accepted. All essential data of the users (profiles), campaigns, requests, reviews and status updates will be stored in the PostgreSQL database. Post campaign, users can be given reviews, and the score can be updated. Updates and notifications are also generated for the users.

CONCLUSION
In summary, the system B2P Connect has strong possibility of enhancing the collaboration of businesses and promoters for digital marketing issues as the business faced the issues as shown in this research: hard to find trustful promoters, lacks the structure way to campaign, communication difficulties, security and data issues. By analyzed the survey result, users have shown what is required and the function which will be include in this system are smart match system, compatibility based ranking, advance filter, and tracking tool to facilitate users to make the decision and work more effectively and professionally. Furthermore, security, communication and data privacy also showed to be the main concern of users, this will be essential to build trust over the system. In conclusion, this system is a user centered and practical solution, but there still are improvements to consider, such as, usability, match accuracy and performance, to help long term growth of this system.
	•	Achievement From First Part of The Project 
	•	Achievement from the Project
The first phase of B2P Connect project had established a good foundation by doing extensive research and analysis. The primary users which are business owners, promoters and marketers are identified and the main challenges they encountered when conducting the online marketing collaboration have also been highlighted. The survey has helped a lot to clearly understand user requirements and define requirements to define the function and architecture of the system. The system architecture was later designed so the platform can provide functions such as managing the campaigns, matching the promoters and other collaborating processes.
Furthermore, this phase has also been conducted to set out expectations for performance of the system. It is defined as the response time of the system has to be very quick; the matching is accurate and the user interface is smooth to be user friendly. The important factors like ease of use, clear communication and data security are also determined as crucial features in the system. It is also a key to use user feedback to specify which function has the highest priority so that more important functions are developed in the first stage of project.
	•	Gaps In the Research 
The current research provides a solid starting point but also has a number of shortcomings which need to be overcome for the B2P Connect platform: The research only looks at functionality aspects but not the technical characteristics of the system such as scalability, load tolerance under many users, performance with many interactions, accuracy improvement of the match making function etc. Security must be further investigated, specifically on the security of information, security of the user profile authentication, prevention of abuse, etc. Long-term usability of the B2P Connect platform is not extensively discussed and should be evaluated by studies based on longitudinal usage, evolution of user requirements and system adaptiveness. Tools to increase the communication effectiveness should be improved. Robust error handling and system stability have not been examined in depth and needs improvement as well to achieve better user performance under different circumstances. To increase the platform usability the access on different devices should be considered, as well as an update mechanism for newer versions of the system. Overcoming these weaknesses will support SDG 8 by facilitating economic and effective digital collaboration, creating opportunities for promoters and business, and by stimulating a stable, sustainable and inclusive economic growth.

References
Aspire. (2023). Influencer marketing platform overview. Retrieved from .aspire.io: https://www.aspire.io
Campbell, C. &. (2020). More than meets the eye. The functional components of influencer marketing. Business Horizons, 63(4). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.bushor.2020.03.003
Chatterjee, S. &. (2020). Why do small and medium enterprises use social media marketing and what is the impact: Empirical insights from India. nternational Journal of Information Management, 53. https://doi.org/. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ijinfomgt.2020.102103
Creswell, J. W. (2020). Research design: Qualitative, quantitative, and mixed methods approaches (5th ed.). SAGE Publications. 
Dwivedi, Y. K. (2021). Setting the future of digital and social media marketing research: Perspectives and research propositions. International Journal of Information Management, 59(102168), 1-19. https://doi.org/https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ijinfomgt.2020.102168
Ellis-Chadwick, C. &. (2022). Digital marketing: Strategy, implementation and practice. Pearson Education Limited. 
Filieri, R. M. (2021). Consumer perceptions of information helpfulness and determinants of purchase intention in online consumer reviews of services. Information & Management, 58(2), 4-13. https://doi.org/https://doi.org/10.1016/j.im.2020.103453
Garousi, V. F. (2020). Guidelines for including grey literature and conducting multivocal literature reviews in software engineering. Information and Software Technology, 106, 101–121. https://doi.org/https://doi.org/10.1016/j.infsof.2018.09.006
Heepsy. (2023). Influencer marketing platform overview. Retrieved from heepsy.com: https://www.heepsy.com
Hudders, L. D. (2021). The commercialization of social media stars: a literature review and conceptual framework on the strategic use of social media influencers. International Journal of Advertising, 40(3), 327-375. https://doi.org/https://doi.org/10.1080/02650487.2020.1836925
Influencity. (2023). Influencer marketing platform overview. Retrieved from https://www.influencity.com
Kaur, H. P. (2020). The role of brand community identification and reward on consumer brand engagement and brand loyalty in virtual brand communities. Telematics and Informatics(101321), 46. https://doi.org/https://doi.org/10.1016/j.tele.2019.101321
Kraus, S. K. (2022). Research on the relationship between digital marketing and corporate performance. Facebook and social media marketing: A systematic review. Journal of Business Research,, 149(606–619.), Journal of Business Research. https://doi.org/https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jbusres.2022.05.043
Kumar, V. G. (2023). Measuring digital marketing effectiveness: Challenges and opportunities in campaign performance evaluation. Journal of Business Research, 158. https://doi.org/https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jbusres.2022.113658
Lou, C. &. (2019). Influencer marketing: How message value and credibility affect consumer trust and purchase intention. ournal of Interactive Advertising, 19(1), 58–73. https://doi.org/https://doi.org/10.1080/15252019.2018.1533501
Lou, C. &. (2019). Influencer marketing: How message value and credibility affect consumer trust and purchase intention. Journal of Interactive Advertising, 19(1), 58–73. https://doi.org/https://doi.org/10.1080/15252019.2018.1533501
Microsof. (2023). Visual Studio Code documentation. Retrieved from visualstudio.com: https://code.visualstudio.com
Pautasso, C. Z. (2020). Restful web services vs big web services: Making the right architectural decision. IEEE Internet Computing, 24(1), 36-44. https://doi.org/https://doi.org/10.1109/MIC.2020.2967820
Pressman, R. S. (2020). Software engineering: A practitioner’s approach (9th ed.). McGraw Hill.
Richards, M. F. (2022). Fundamentals of software architecture: An engineering approach. IEEE Software, 39(4), 86-93. https://doi.org/https://doi.org/10.1109/MS.2022.3155486
Sandhu, R. S. (2023). Role-based access control models. IEEE Computer, 29(2), 38-47. https://doi.org/https://doi.org/10.1109/2.485845
Setting the future of digital and social media marketing research: Perspectives and research propositions. (2021). International Journal of Information Management, 59. https://doi.org/https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ijinfomgt.2020.102168
Sharabati, A. A. (2024). The impact of digital marketing on the performance of SMEs. 16(19). https://doi.org/10.3390/su16198667
Shull, F. F. (2021). Empirical software engineering: Improving the dependability of software systems. IEEE Software, 38(1), 8–10. https://doi.org/https://doi.org/10.1109/MS.2020.3026730
Singh, R. &. (2024). Digital marketing adoption and challenges for small and medium enterprises in the digital economy. Journal of Business Research, 172, 114389. https://doi.org/https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jbusres.2024.114389
Spinellis, D. (2022). Git. EEE Software, 29(3). https://doi.org/. https://doi.org/10.1109/MS.2012.76



APPENDIX
Appendix A-PPF










Appendix B-PSF













  








Appendix C-Ethic Form







Appendix D-Meeting Log Sheet







